fix command azure-risky-users-list (#30986)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureRiskyUsers/Integrations/AzureRiskyUsers/README.md

>Authorization was reset successfully. Run **!azure-risky-users-auth-start** to start the authentication process.

### azure-risky-users-list

***
Returns a list of all risky users and their properties.

#### Base Command

`azure-risky-users-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| risk_state | Sets the Risk State to retrieve. Possible values are: atRisk, confirmedCompromised, remediated, dismissed. | Optional | 
| limit | Limit of results to retrieve. Default is 50. | Optional | 

> | page_size | Amount of results per request. Can be values between 1 and 500. Default is 50. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| page_size | Amount of results per request. Value can range between 1 and 500. Default is 50. | Optional | 
```

> | next_token | The URL for the next set of items to return during pagination. (Received this URL from a previous call). | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| next_token | The URL for the next set of items to return during pagination. (Can be retrieved this URL from a previous call). | Optional | 
```
